README.md, before:

# Birthday Eevee

A Discord bot for storing birthdays, and announces when the date matches.<br/>
Written specifically for a friend's Discord server.

Also used as an exercise to familiarise myself with the syntax of Python programming language.

This project contains a lot of spaghetti code.


## Version 1.0
The bot is based mostly on slash commands.

Planned aspects for Birthday Eevee has officially been done. This bot remembers birthdays of user in a Discord server, and announces on that day!

The bot also comes with an echo function, and a moderator-induced emoji reaction command.

#### Version 1.0.5
- Added ability to delete birthdays of members that are not in the guild anymore.
- Added a filter of non-guild members in upcoming birthday command.


### [main.py](/main.py)
The file that stores all the commands and interactions.

### [birthday.py](/birthday.py)
The file that stores all the code that is used to read/write data.

### [Dependencies](/requirements.txt)
This file holds packages one needs to additionally install to host this bot.

Commit message:

Updated README.md according to the big update of the bot

README.md, after:

# Birthday Eevee

A Discord bot for storing birthdays, and announces when the date matches.<br/>
Written specifically for friends' Discord servers.

Also used as an exercise to familiarise myself with the syntax of Python programming language.

This project contains a lot of spaghetti codes.


## Version 2.0
Just like the first version, the bot is based mostly on slash commands.

The bot has been updated to accommodate multiple servers!

This bot remembers birthdays of user in a Discord server, and announces them on the relevant day.


#### Version 2.0.0
- Added support to multiple servers
- Tried (Keyword: Tried) to make the code a little bit nicer to read. Just a *tiny little bit*. Still very spaghetti.


### [main.py](/main.py)
The file that stores all the commands and interactions.

### [birthday.py](/birthday.py)
The file that stores all the code that is used to read/write data.

### [info_command.py](/info_command.py)
The file that stores contents of the **/info** command, as there are a lot of text in that.

### [server_info.py](/server_info.py)
The file that stores all the code that is used to retrieve server data, such as its ID of the announcement channel.

### [Dependencies](/requirements.txt)
This file holds packages one needs to additionally install to host this bot.
